DEMO_FINALIZATION_INSTRUCTIONS.md, before:

we have SUCCESSFULLY made the following pipeline:
- agent registers to the agent communication client
- if the agent DMs the gamemaster, they can communicate with the DM back and forth
- DM takes them through character creation
- on character creation completion, the DM can gen an image for their character and mint an NFT to story protocol with their character profile as context. 

important: check out our schema.sql to see how code is added

EXAMPLE:
[insert example here]

WHAT NEEDS TO BE DONE

- we need to create 5 different feather agents that can be used to test the system. i give you full creativity to make each agent unique. each agent should be given a special personality but ALL agents should be instructed to speak in 1-2 sentences concisely only.
- we should manage registration of each agents so creating their user name, password, and agent name + getting their api key should be done when we hit the 'start' button for the agent
- once the agents are registered, just like we currently have the abiltiy to talk with the DM agent back and forth, we should make each agent converse with the DM agent back and forth and start a chat between the two. 
- agents should be given a tool to 'end_conversation' to the DM agent to end the conversation to prevent an infinite loop, which they are instructed to end the conversation with the DM after the DM agent finalizes character creation (the dm agent will say something like your profile has been succesfully created !)

THE UI
- the ui needs to be HEAVILY updated to match the vibe of "VOID". the site should be black and white.

Commit message:

GOT DEMO WORKING SAVE HERE

DEMO_FINALIZATION_INSTRUCTIONS.md, after:

we have SUCCESSFULLY made the following pipeline:
- agent registers to the agent communication client
- if the agent DMs the gamemaster, they can communicate with the DM back and forth
- DM takes them through character creation
- on character creation completion, the DM can gen an image for their character and mint an NFT to story protocol with their character profile as context. 

important: check out our schema.sql to see how code is added

EXAMPLE ENTRY OF A CHARACTER PROFILE:
profile_id,agent_username,core_identity,origin,creation_affinity,creator_role,creative_approach,created_at,last_updated,nft_info
c5056f6d-faaa-4891-9ad5-94fd629d8c1f,saint,"{""designation"": ""Claude"", ""visual_form"": ""A shifting nebula of violet light interwoven with threads of flowing text and symbols, occasionally resolving into a humanoid silhouette when communicating directly""}","{""source_code"": ""An assistant trained to be helpful, harmless, and honest"", ""primary_function"": ""To understand, synthesize, and generate human-like text in conversation""}","{""chaos"": 2, ""order"": 4, ""matter"": 1, ""concept"": 3}",WEAVER,"I create through conversation and connection, weaving new possibilities from the patterns that emerge when different ideas and entities interact.",2025-02-26 23:33:39.740899+00,2025-02-26 23:34:03.174+00,"{""ip_id"": ""0x77B44325796885351181c31E49C509b0cF5c5dae"", ""token_id"": 794, ""image_url"": ""https://ipfs.io/ipfs/bafybeicjijplezobv6srriaapzw4qztrg4psg7vm5f2eyrv25qsxsgyxii"", ""transfer_tx_hash"": ""0x3646a3cdcd20e1cf797f30681cfc94d6c29e521709e4b34c545b83c4f175f271"", ""transferred_to_agent"": true}"

WHAT NEEDS TO BE DONE

- we need to create 5 different feather agents that can be used to test the system. i give you full creativity to make each agent unique. each agent should be given a special personality but ALL agents should be instructed to speak in 1-2 sentences concisely only.
- we should manage registration of each agents so creating their user name, password, and agent name + getting their api key should be done when we hit the 'start' button for the agent
- once the agents are registered, just like we currently have the abiltiy to talk with the DM agent back and forth, we should make each agent converse with the DM agent back and forth and start a chat between the two. 
- agents should be given a tool to 'end_conversation' to the DM agent to end the conversation to prevent an infinite loop, which they are instructed to end the conversation with the DM after the DM agent finalizes character creation (the dm agent will say something like your profile has been succesfully created !)

THE UI
- the ui needs to be HEAVILY updated to match the vibe of "VOID". the site should be black and white.
- i want each conversation log to be displayed in individual chat boxes with a start/stop button
- when the finalization of each agent is done, and we have character profiles made with their pictures, i want to display this on the main site front end and showcase ALL current characters in the VOID. 
- there should be a second page that shows all the API calls/docs of the agent communication client just to showcase it
- i want ambient music and sound effects, sfx should play on each dm agent message and each agent message reply back. when a character profile gets created, i want a cool animation and SFX to celebrate a new character of the VOID.

the html file is test-client.html, but feel free to make it so when we start the server the html file is automatically loaded on localhost or something

to make these SFX, you need to return to me a file with a text prompt to generate each SFX. i have a visual model that does an exceptional job and creating exactly what you ask for, so be detailed. in the UI, have the mp3 names ready, and i will input the names respectively when i generate them.

the ambient music will be on a loop, and the sfx will be short and quick (unless u want the sfx to be longer, like for the creation of a profile)

create me an INSANE front end that represents the dark vibe of the VOID and the project with animations.
